Interest in IT

I still remember when I was a little boy, I got my first computer from my father as my tenth birthday gift. It was the first time I knew that there was such a magical thing in the world that can make me feel the vastness of the world without leaving home. With my gradual understanding of computer knowledge, I become more interested in IT. Programmers use code to construct a vast virtual world. At the same time, the real world is better and more convenient because of these innovations. I realized that the life in the future will be tightly connected with IT, having basic understanding of information technology is necessary, so, this is why I want to learn more in this field. 

Why choose RMIT 

For this question, in general, there are three aspects that lead me to make the decision to choose RMIT. First of all, it is the quality of education, based on the QS World University Rankings by Subject 2019: Computer Science & Information Systems, RMIT is in the top 150 universities (QS, 2019), which indicates that RMIT has high level of teaching, and strong faculty. Meanwhile, according to the introduction form RMIT’s website, RMIT has partnership with many famous companies, like Google, ANZ, and IMB. Which means that we can have chance to solve real problem under this kind of industry-connected model. By this way, not only our understanding of IT knowledge will get improve, but also these experiences will be great helpful for our future careers. Furthermore, it is the flexible class time and convenient location. Since the main campus is located in the city, we have lots of choice to take convenient transportation to attend classes.  

Expect to Learn

Generally speaking, there are two parts I want to gain during my IT study. On the one hand, it is about some basic information about Information Technology, not only about the background, the history, and the development of IT, but also want to learn some specific knowledge about computer languages. As it is known to us all that there are many computer languages, such as Java, C , C++，C#，python and etc.. However, I want to know how to choose the suitable language with the right environment, and what are the differences between these languages. On the other hand, if I choose to engage in IT in the future, I also want to find a suitable career plan from the unit, such as, what I should do, what skill I should obtain.
